Hello Town Town Dynasty, how do you feel tonight?
Oh, what's this?
Here I am in my voice.
Gotta make that lady joy.
Uh, I didn't expect that.
We'll fucking roll with it though.
Welcome to Highland Town.
Oh, really?
If you were high and this happened to you, you'd be like, what?
Let's get started.
We should make everybody speak through this.
But it's never going to everybody speak through this.
Let's make Spencer Crittenden speak through that microphone.
Ladies and gentlemen, Spencer Crittenden.
You know him. You love him.
He has his own on the microphone.
Yeah!
Oh, yeah. Good. How are you?
I don't know where I'm from.
This thing's fucking with me.
Yeah, you're robotic.
Let's try this one.
Yeah!
Mix of noise for rock, rock!
Oh, yeah.
We love him so much.
Oh, shit.
And just to make sure everyone's working.
Please give a huge round of applause for the man, the mayor, Dan Harbaugh!
Oh, rock guitar!
MC St. Patrick's Day.
March 31st every day.
Even though it's after May.
I'm so Irish.
Oh, yeah.
This is, uh, right.
It's on the floor.
Okay.
Thanks for coming downtown tonight.
Yeah!
I'm decked out in...
Schrabs activating the Votron.
I'm decked out in Sponsored Ship.
Who sent us those, Dan?
This is a Mi-1Z.
This is what I'm wearing.
Mi undies!
Come on, man.
I mean, what the...
He's trying again.
Do you want people to be able to understand me?
I can understand you.
They can understand me.
Like, I don't know the...
Who can't understand what he's saying?
Yeah.
We don't know what that means.
I just wanted to see it work.
I've been gone a while.
Did you notice?
Yeah.
The view is amazing.
You'll see a four-leaf clover in front of you.
Should I point at it?
Oh, that's not nice.
It's 2019.
What's wrong with you?
We can't be doing that.
It just...
This is awful.
You're an awful person.
Paid for his Uber.
Maybe that's why that happened.
You know, you got to earn it.
Even though I did, I did tell him to do it as well.
Just go in.
Backstage.
Discussing Mike Gags.
I hate him.
I hate him so much.
I'm wearing a Muwanzi, and I'm...
Sharp put his mic in a mug.
And I'm drinking out of...
What is it called?
Brumate brand drinkware.
BRU with an Umlaut M-A-T-E.
Hey, Brumate is the drinkware for me.
Guys, why is that a different type of drinkware?
Because Brumate keeps drinks at the perfect temperature.
Whatever that is, that's the one it does,
which I suppose is like context aware.
So the first AI-powered drinkware.
Yeah, I guess...
I mean, I guess I put some ice in it backstage,
and it's not melted yet.
Yeah.
I do like that they disguised it as a piece of wood.
Yeah, it's like a little baby coconut.
It does look very nice.
All right.
Well, there's not a lot to talk about.
I did have an epiphany.
I think if you wanted to run somebody against Trump
just to beat Trump, which I don't think is the right philosophy,
I think we should vote our conscience and just let him win.
I just focus on the Senate.
I mean, I just don't know how you're going to...
We, and by we, I mean every non-Nazi,
we're a divided people.
And we should be, you know, who's United Nazis.
It's easy.
You just go like, oh, I love that uniform.
It's fine.
You don't have to...
And they can be like, well, are you a gay Nazi?
You can be like, yeah.
And they're like, come on in.
Just pretend you're not gay.
And you can be like, OK, yeah, that's fine.
It's easy.
That's what we're fighting when we fight autocracy.
We fight whatever we perceive as the bad guys.
So, of course, the toughest times you're going to be divided.
You're not going to win the election.
And I'm not going to talk about politics for the next two years
because it's going to get real ugly with all this primary stuff.
You're going to be friends.
You're going to be yelling at each other.
It's going to break my heart.
I don't want...
It's the worst thing.
I kept out of it when we were leading up to the thing
with the Bernie's and the Hillary's and stuff.
I saw it.
Well, I just said nothing.
I just said nothing.
But one of those sides was wrong.
Also, there was a little bit of a shell shock the first time.
You were like, Jesus, this is crazy.
So you had to talk about it worse.
Now you're like, oh, it's all fucked up still.
But even I...
Look, I'll talk all day for the last two years.
I was like, oh, God, this is awful.
To me, it's not even politics.
But what am I supposed to do in this show?
Except share my life.
And if I happen to be obsessed with fucking, oh, God,
what's happening?
What do you want me to do?
Pretend I'm interested in frozen pizza for two years
and be like...
And it's just like...
The only people that want that are...
I'm not saying they're bad people,
but I'm not even saying they're wrong
because I don't want to listen to a year and a half of podcasts
where I'm so fucking bummed out and freaked out
and what are we going to do?
I don't want to listen to that.
But tough titties.
If the world is ending, then I'm like,
oh, this is what I thought about today.
I thought about the world ending.
However, because I have a lot of anxieties,
as I did during the last time,
was like, oh, primaries are gearing up.
I was like, there's no way.
I'm not touching it.
I'm not touching this stuff.
Because it's too sad.
Because you're talking about people
that shouldn't beef with each other.
It's like a socialist and watered-down liberals
shouldn't...
They cannot like each other about where to go for breakfast.
They shouldn't be tearing each other's throats out
while the guys I perceive as the bad guys
are laughing all the way to the fucking victory line.
But there's nothing we can do about it.
You can't demand that we unite
because if you could demand that we unite,
what are you?
Probably a Nazi.
Not on it.
It's like, who has the power to do that?
They'd be like, oh, everybody, no matter what you think,
lay your shit aside.
But anyway, this is the one thing I'll say.
This is an epiphany.
Here's who you run against, Donald Trump.
If you're playing that game where you just want to knock him out,
like, oh, who are we going to run?
Liam Neeson.
Did it.
Yeah.
Think about it.
You're going to knock his base in half.
Old white guy, so then they're confused.
And then he's racist.
So they're like, I love it.
But we only know he's racist because he was honest about it.
He was like, I used to be racist.
I don't want to be.
And then some people are going to be like,
oh, that's kind of cooler than being secretly racist.
And then you would shuffle all the groups.
But I think you'd come out on the other side.
And he's European.
So you'd have to do a reverse birther movement.
But that's cool.
Do that.
Reverse birther.
Hashtag reverse birther.
You have to be proven where you weren't born.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
He could be like, I'm not Irish.
Do I sound Irish?
Do I sound like a...
And then he could go on the view and be like, yeah,
it doesn't matter if I'm racist.
Yeah.
It doesn't matter if I'm racist.
And people still like him.
They would be like, well, what do we like about it?
He could just be like, I don't care if you get an abortion.
I don't.
It doesn't matter if you get an abortion.
I don't care if you get an abortion.
You used to do that.
You used to.
There was an old episode where you were doing like Liam Neeson.
And you were like, it doesn't matter.
It's like so minstrel that you're wearing that and doing Liam Neeson.
I saw Dan Harmon's podcast.
That's not cool.
Dan.
The green face.
The IRA is gonna fuck you.
Oh, come on.
IRA.
Don't do that.
Dan, do you...
I know you have opinions about things,
but do you think Spencer has enough cable for the show?
I mean, we got like a couple of spools here.
I got 3,000 series.
This is 30 meters of XLR cable.
I don't think it's enough, man.
I think you need at least...
Well, what's the run of this place?
Like 50 feet, 60 feet?
Let's walk it.
You do.
Okay, you could do that.
I want to sit.
Spencer and I accidentally both ordered wolf urine from Amazon.
You know, when you show up at work,
and you're both ordering wolf urine.
Oh, yeah.
Mine came.
We should open it up and see if it has documentation.
Yeah, go get the...
Let me go meet him back.
Oh, I got a part...
Also, there's a parking ticket in my jeans.
I don't know who's supposed to take care of that.
Certainly not me.
You're going to fuck up the show.
I kind of...
It's something like you can look forward to when you...
If you ever...
Like a little privileged perk.
Like, I kind of like...
I get a little stoked when I get a parking ticket.
I'm rich.
Because I'm like...
What's that?
What are you trying to do to me?
Scare me?
Like, take your fucking valet money.
It pays for a kid's textbooks.
Yeah, I bet.
Yeah, I'm sure that money goes right over to someone who needs
a fucking fucking fucking machine.
I try to pay him within like 20 minutes of getting them.
I'll drive right to the motherfucker.
He'll be like, how's it going?
Yeah, here.
It does feel like they hate that, right?
I guess we're the suckers.
Because we're like so stoked about paying our parking tickets on time
that we think we're like, in your face.
And they're like, oh, no.
But for sure, they want you to not pay it right away.
It's like a poor people trap.
Man, I was poor once, you guys.
And it was fucking incredible how hard...
It was like, holy shit, man.
They designed the whole system.
Don't get so mad that you storm my house.
But I remember getting parking tickets and being like,
okay, well, I have a lot to do today.
And I have no assistant, let alone two.
And if I did, they can't write a check.
It'll bounce.
You're just stuck at this thing.
I guess I'll pay this sooner or later.
You put it in your apartment somewhere.
You know that shit's like fucking gone.
And they expect it to be.
That's what they put you on the 21 days.
Do you guys know about there's this Terry Pratchett quote about this?
I have it.
The reason the rich were so rich was because they spent less money.
Take boots, for example.
Vymes earned $38 a month plus allowances.
A really good pair of leather boots cost $50.
But an affordable pair of boots, which were sort of okay for a season or two,
and leaked like hell when the cardboard cave out,
cost about $10.
Those are the boots he bought and wore until the soles were so thin
that he could tell where he was and ink more pork on a fucking night.
But the thing is that good boots lasted for years and years.
A man who could afford $50 had a pair of boots
that'd be keeping his feet dry in 10 years time while the poor man
who could only afford cheap boots would have spent $100 on boots
in the same time and would still have wet feet.
Yeah, I mean, I can upgrade that in a much simpler way.
We live in Los Angeles where literally everyone over a certain income
gets free shoes.
If you work in the industry, at some point you go over to the Nike place
and they give you a duffle bag and you walk around and fill your bag
with Nike shit.
I've never done it because I fucking care about you.
They never invited me. They never invited me.
But I remember when we first moved here from Milwaukee,
they called it the Free Shoes for Rich People Program.
That's what they call it, glibly.
What was it called?
Free Shoes for Rich People Program.
Why am I repeating my show for you?
Like, I can't expect you to pay attention.
What are you doing back there?
You're playing Minesweeper?
No.
Don't touch my ass.
You know, five years from now, people are going to know that that's not cool.
Like, it's funny now because we're both dudes or whatever.
But five years from now, it's going to be like,
we were going to have fixed everything but that shit.
And you're going to be rounded up, taken into the street and fucking Weinstein.
Boom.
And I'm going to laugh.
I'm going to write so many brave blogs about what it was like
to fucking stand here and silently shudder.
That sounded like I was maybe parodying victims.
That wasn't my intention.
I wasn't like, then I'll do that.
Like, those bullshit people do.
I'm with you. I'm with you. As an abuser, I got to be with you.
How is it?
You tell me, baby.
That would be abuse.
Tell me, tell me, tell me if I'm sexual, Brandon, or you're fired.
Oh, what a beautiful man. Listen.
It's going to be three years before that's not cool.
And if I tell you why two years from now, I'm going to be fired.
But is it keeping you warm?
Is it 100% cotton?
No, I think it might be micromodal.
It feels about three times softer than cotton.
It's breathing. I have a shirt under it.
I'm in my unders, my regular meundies.
I took my pants off, but I'm not getting overheated.
He dropped a water bottle, sir.
He got it.
Don't harass him. He's done nothing wrong.
Welcome to the show, sir. I'm very sorry.
Liam Neeson, do you think it's a good idea?
He's foreign. I know, but just suspend your disbelief.
Do we just found out Trump's dad's from Germany?
That's got to be unconstitutional.
That's not illegal. Yeah, that's illegal.
What will you spend your time on instead of how do you get away from the politics?
Fascinating. It is crazy. The amount of shit that you're not aware.
Like, I don't know. Like the weird shit that you hear mentioned and you're like,
what buddy gig say what like Pete, but a gig.
I heard. I got I heard him mentioned by Dave Kline said, like, have you heard
about Pete, but a gig? I don't know if I'm saying it, right?
He's like he's a gay veteran, right? But a judge.
But it's yeah, I put it. Mayor of the town in Indiana, something like that.
He seems like a cool person.
I don't know. He seems like a centrist. What does that mean?
Centrist? Yeah, what's that mean? It means equivocating to conservatives.
Equivocated. Yeah, maybe that's the mall.
I'm sure that's what that's the heartbreak are going to go through.
Oh, I love this guy and the part of your brain is going to be like, do I love him
because it feels like he's got a shot or do I love him because yeah,
my here's what I'm going to do is not my advice to anybody because I'm just going to
like, I'm just going to look quietly and be like, all right, I'm going to vote for
I'm going to vote for somebody. As far as the presidential race,
I'm just going to pick somebody. I'm even if like, even if I think they're going to
get like 5,000 votes, like I'm just going to be I'm voting my conscience.
I guess I have to qualify that though, because even that's an inflammatory statement
right now because you guys are like, how do you know two years from now you're not
look, I guess, okay, well, I'll lick my finger, put it in the air if it feels like it's a fucking
intense if there's somebody that's been picked, I'll do what I always do.
I'll go up to that one big boulder, you know, I, you know, full disclosure,
I was I was doing the Bernie thing until the very moment that the system that
were supposed to work, you know, said no, he's done now and then I pulled the lever
for Hillary and it was like, this is all part of honestly, it was just me voting
for like, I don't think this guy's a good idea. I could see that going bad.
I don't want to have to like serve hemlock tea to ice agents and stuff, but
you know, because you know, I'm going to be first, like, you know, they round up and
I know you're going like, oh, Dan, what are you saying? You're an intellectual.
Is that what you're saying? Like, like, yeah, compared to, you know, there's a
curve here. It's like, if the emperor can't read, then like, I qualify as like an
academic. I'm going to be shot before they pick a group to sneak out.
Like, they grab the guys like me first, they grab the hippies and teachers and the
scientists. They grab the hippies first, then you.
So I'm already done, so I'm not trying to do nothing but just like preserve my life.
The question is, what else are you doing? Like, do you have a...
I bought a gun. No, no, no, no. I mean, I mean, other than...
Oh, oh, oh, I'm composing a lot of music. There you go. Yeah. Okay. Okay.
Yeah, it makes me very happy. Yeah. Will you take lessons? Do you think? Or do you need to?
I don't, I don't know. I'm not going to rule anything out. Do you teach lessons?
Because I've got some spare time coming up. Do you want to learn to play an instrument?
Or do you just want lessons? I just want, I just want lessons.
I definitely would say that my eyes would be melted by now if I wasn't drinking out of a
bloom house. What's it called? Broomate. Broomate. B-R-U-M-A-T-E. B-R-U with
Unlots. Use the promo code Harmontown. Brewhouse. Broomate. Broomate.
It's like your buddy. Yeah. It sounds like the name of a product that has to do
with brooms. Oh, it was your broom hungry? No, my broomate. Keep your broomate.
For all you dads. Yeah.
I didn't want to do spoilers, but like, I am working on this thing on the side.
I'm not going to have it on my phone. It would be on my iPad, but...
The community movie. But there's this kid. Did I play this last time?
Maybe I didn't. I can't remember. No.
Oh, there you go. Oh, I forgot. There's no... There's a very little signal in here.
Well, this guy, this musician dude, he, remember that song I played?
I think I talked about this. The song that I played, and then at the end of it, I was like,
oh, my baby ducks. Yes. There's this guy that he made... He did lyrics to it.
He did a whole thing, and he played a little acoustic guitar. And I didn't want to spoil it.
I was going to surprise him by sending him a thing, or like, because I took his lyrics track
into the software that I'm using to... And I was just like saying, oh, can I just put his stuff
into one of my stuff and add to it and stuff. Actually, a lot more challenging,
because tempos are always different and stuff. It's kind of a big deal. It's challenging.
Trying to do that with the Mike Cravello theme song. I tried to drag the Mike Cravello theme song
into an editor. I was like, oh, I'll just figure out what tempo it is, and then I can lay shit on top of it.
I could do a cool Mike Cravello rap or something, but it's really hard.
Because you can't really get rid of his guitar, right? You can't scrub his guitar.
The baby ducks guy? Yeah. Yeah, that is a challenge. His guitar is in there, and he's like...
He's kind of changing tempo and stuff like that, but I did a pretty good job.
I can't play that now, whatever, but... Yeah, anyways, I'm playing... I'm doing music.
What is it? What's wrong? What can we do for you?
Like, how can the show be made better for the show-ruiner?
If you're at home right now, Schrab's mouth is wide open.
You're just talking about the thing, and then you're like, I'm not going to play it now.
You talk about it, you get us all titillated, and then you're not going to...
Oh, shit. Oh, shit. Sounds great.
Oh, shit. Hold on, buddy. Hold on. I'm almost there.
We're coming. His username is longsocksilver.
Apparently, he was going for a reference that a couple people got.
I don't know what it is.
Instead of John's...
God damn it. No, I'm not going to do this to you, buddy.
I'm going to start it on... I'm sorry.
He deserves better.
Oh, my baby ducks. Oh, my baby ducks are in a fucking row.
Oh, my baby ducks. Oh, my baby ducks.
Yeah, there he is. Longsocksilver. Longsocksilver.
Longsocksilver is a different guy entirely, but I recommend following him on Instagram as well.
Looks like he's in... Where is he?
I see a geotag here somewhere. Who cares? You can type him in.
Who cares?
There he is in New York. He must be somewhat of a successful musician. He's traveling around.
Traveling?
I wonder what his real name is. There he is in Brooklyn.
Do you think a New York guy thinks I'm cool enough to do my song?
Yeah.
Looks like he's in the Brooklyn area here.
He's in all five boroughs.
My music is kind of fucking legit.
Like dude, right now there's like 13 old black dudes in Memphis doing my baby duck.
Shut up.
Yeah.
You talked to that?
I was gonna tell you.
It's Brandon. Don't keep this from me.
There's like a harmonica version.
Ah!
Yeah, and then Silo gets on one. It's really weird.
Seam note?
Silo.
Yeah.
Oh, fucking Silo. God, I love him.
Oh, yeah.
Oh.
You and get him go way back.
You love the Dungeon family.
Yeah.
Love the Dungeon family.
You love outcast.
I love outcast.
Yeah.
He loves it.
Hey, yeah.
Remember that fucking?
See, we danced that entire summer to that song wherever it.
Yeah.
Jeff hates that song, man.
Yeah, because we played.
He hates a million times.
We ran in this pack.
And I have about 14 people at its largest.
And that summer we would dance to that song until like eight in the morning almost.
We would go back to either our friend Jerry Miner's house or your house.
And we'd fucking, you've never seen so many old people in their own private bar.
It was like, it was like parrot heads, but for that goddamn song.
Parrot head.
Good times, man.
Jimmy Buffett fans.
Those are good times.
I had a pitch at Netflix today and I was so grateful that they moved their place.
Amazon still hanging out in Santa Monica.
Amazon, the people that invented everyone staying in their house forever are the remaining
production office that you have to drive eight hours to get to.
They are Los Angeles's practice pitch.
Now, eight is an exaggeration, but six is absolutely not.
Depending on what time of day you're leaving.
I mean, and usually your pitch at Amazon is either at 9.30 a.m., which means you have
to leave at four or it's at 4.30, which means you're getting home at 9 p.m.
Right on a Friday.
These guys, I mean, they're, they're just like, look, we're selling.
We're selling spatulas.
We're making TV.
We do whatever we want.
Like, like they come to us baby and like, all right.
So I had this idea, this robot, made me meat to the fire hydrant.
And they're just like it's there.
They're God love them, but they're just like it's a practice pitch.
Man.
It's like, there's nothing.
I don't know.
There's people that sell shows to Amazon, I guess.
I don't know what they do.
Maybe the noon spot.
So you leave at 10 a.m. You get there at noon and then they're like they pop an
Adderall like like like halfway through the drive. Yeah, and then they just fucking
peek in there and they're like robot fire hydrant buy it!
Wow that sounds like it sucks. Wow that sounds really bad. That sounds like a
really bad situation that you're going through. That's awful. That's so that's
so that's so bad. That's terrible. Just move your offices to Amazon like or
send one of your drones over. Yeah. To hear my pitch. Yeah. Like I'm never gonna
have a show on Amazon. Come on. Never. We don't know that you look like an Amazon
guy. Come on we all know the Amazon brand. They have a completely different
onesie. Thanks those very kind of you audience. Do you think you'll ever sit
down tonight? I don't know man. I honestly I'm not usually this kind of guy
but whatever upsets you. Oh shit. Like honestly I could kind of tell like I was
sort of thinking in my head I'm laying my cards on the table because I'm an
honest person like I was like oh Schrab fucking he's sat behind me because he
thought that would be annoying and I'm like what I'm just gonna stand here all
night so that he's fucking upstaged and it's gonna drive him nuts because he
if he switches chairs he's admitting he wants to be looked at which will be the
biggest fucking weakness. That's his kryptonite is admitting he wants people
to like him. Wow. Yeah Schrab. Yeah that is a weakness. Yeah well just say it I
want people to like me. I'd like people to like me. Do you want me to like you?
Sure. Yeah. Fucking around. You fucking around all the time for my good here. I'm
sitting here. You're playing on your phone the whole drive over. You're
complaining. Oh I'm sorry. The boober two miles away. I'm waiting outside catching
a death. So basically what we have is you are the Amazon offices and you are
Dan Harmon at three o'clock on a Friday. Yeah. Alright I'll move. I'll move from
Santa Monica to Burbank for you. I just want to point out that I think that
Schrab's that here because that was the special chair. Is that is that the wolf
you're in? Oh yeah. This baby's got some amount of ounces. You know I had foresight
I would have put the wolf you're in in the brew mate and see if it stayed at
wolf. It warms it up to like piping hot for like a drug test. Do you think it
needs to be hot to work? Do you think you think they just to make all that
that they so dark they have like a bunch of will we go cross country. It's like
coke. This is a car. I think this wolf works in sales. Like they refuse to
a lot of coffee. We're having our own yeah. What's going on over here. Sorry guys
talking about wolf pee. It's like like what that's not interesting enough.
That's clearly the best substance on stage. We were talking about it, but we
were talking about how they get it. Oh yeah. I was wondering that too. That is
you must jerk them off in exchange for pee later right. They're like they're
like oh and the wolf's like you want to do like they put a cup in the in the
in the room with the wolf. They come back piss all over the floor. They slowly
over 20 years. They figured it out like the wolf is training them. They go. They
leave like a cap fancy magazine. I don't know what wolves jerk off to the
wolf. The wolf gradually like starts filling the cup in response to
increasingly sexual behavior. Then you're home free. I don't know Michael. How
come Michael always gets more wolf pee in the cup. Oh he's wearing those short
shorts.
So I know I know you guys are worried you're like is the wolf gay because then
I can't laugh at it right. No it's a straight wolf. What are you I know that
it seems like I don't know but why do you have wolf pee. I have wolf because
I have a coyote problem so it seems like a like a weird joke is going to happen
here because it's like is this going to attract wolves and like do you eventually
need. I mean I know they sell bear pee. It was weird like they're they every kind
of animal out there has pee for sale. Obviously humans are selling the pee.
I don't mean that wolves are getting this is exploitative but yeah. How do we
know it's wolf pee. Of course we don't know. Of course but here's what I want
to know. What is human pee chopped liver like what if in a world where like oh
the coyote is going to go like you smell that a wolf took a pee here run for the
hills. What that you're in my backyard. I invented bulldozers. What the fuck.
Well fucking like fear my wrath. I'm like destroying the planet with my pee like
fucking run baby. But you said you should be like smells like an alphabet. It
might work. I have I tried it. I well yes I have because I'm an alcoholic.
There's a lot of my pee in my backyard. Can we smell that. If anything it's
attracting that they probably think I'm a coyote. Can we open it and smell it. I
don't want we do that. I don't want to and certainly let's not lose any of it.
Okay. Y'all about to watch a nigga go crazy. Two years you got left to say
that word. No I can say it as much as I want longer it's it's it's it's it's
interesting. That was a genuine reaction. Yeah, yeah, it really was. It was a very
strong or I would say an arch reaction strong reaction. But did you notice it
wasn't like immediate nausea like I wasn't like it was like it was just
incredibly strong gerbils. Yeah, okay. It smells a little bit like a hamster
cage like your shavings or something. I was like gerbils. Oh, is it you can
smell it over there. Ah, well don't play that up. You know we're we're you know
people will start going. Oh good. We get to complain about something. You know,
is it they love so many millennial. It's like roofing. I like it. Does it say it
repels millennials. I don't we don't need to do that. I got all these empty
seats. We need. We need what attracts them. We need like Pokemon pee. Oh,
incense jobs. We need to move the show to Sunday jobs jobs jobs. The smell job
pee
property is bar availability pee.
Oh, it's called a you guys. We took a survey. Some of you may have taken it
and the data seems to suggest agree or disagree. Maybe with your applause if you
feel moved to do you. But although this is going to be skewed. Exactly. You're
here. Yeah, but like I like like what would you prefer if we moved to Sunday
night like the the tapings. This right. Well, this is silence because these are
the people here. Okay, this is this man. This is two nuns and a priest clapping
right. Okay, so we found the people that love it that it's on Monday Monday
crew. Okay, well you guys seem nice. I don't I don't I don't care. I don't
need to sell out a show about me talking about wolf pee. But we were we were we
were looking at the data that we took. We took a survey. Maybe it was among just
fans in general or something because there was there seemed to be kind of a
a a suggestion from the data that that people would be thrilled if we moved to
Sunday nights. But I don't know who who who you guys polled. Was it listeners or
was it attendees? I don't know the methodologies in question. The wolf pee
label is very DIY very Etsy. It says impact font going on. It's it's it. Yeah,
it was almost like a comic sans serif under the logo that said the logo says
wolf pee in impact font one hundred percent. Wolf you're in impact font beneath
that territorial marking sent in like aerial bold in red. And then there's a
photo of a wolf. But then there's a pretty impressive logo of a silhouette of
a wolf in mid howl and it says like in really proud confident letters at a
fucking striking rakish angle original since nineteen eighty six to do my
amy vice theme. Yeah, it's this pee's got cocaine in it man and then it says under
that in like a very comic sans serif font creates the illusion that a wolf is
nearby creates the illusion. Oh yeah predator pee dot com a tradition of
quality. A tradition of quality. You're in bad bad bad bad title. That's not a
good title predator pee honey. You got your package from predator pee. Oh, the
label was very discreet. I was. I was. I was happy to see with a name like
predator pee. You better be discreet. Yeah, or you're going to get some my ball.
It would be really impressive. There's a nice Cuban here. Oh yeah. That's
impressive. I thought you meant the house brew brew mate brew mate. How much
pee do you need to convince a coyote more than this. There's a wolf in your
backyard. I don't know. We opened the bottle and fifty people almost like
left and they're not even coyotes. A tradition of quality. You're in since
nineteen eighty six. I just wanted to read that. Okay, twenty five directions
of predator pee liquid to create a pee remiter. No, no, no, really you mother
fuckers. Yeah, I'm proud of them. Yeah, they're like the Bartles and James of
of pee like that. I don't know. They're just like they're like look we saw
wolf pee like we're not going to be refused nicks. You know we're not going
to like call ourselves like industrial sent harvests. You know like is that
Bartles and James people in the business need pee. We got pee. We're here's a
set up a pee remiter. Have fun with pee. It's like like make pee part of your
world like like pee. He used to be the state of the art, you know, before
lasers and fucking things and guess what coyotes don't care about your lasers.
They probably would if you shot them with one speaking of which. Okay, so I
bought this and I also bought a slingshot, but I'm not going to aim for
the coyotes. I just got but I got like a laser guided slingshot. It's crazy. The
illustration of the Amazon thing I sent to Camille. He probably was offended,
but because the guy kind of looked like Kumail, like, like,
like, because he had his head down. It's like the other photos. It's like I
just like some doofy Italian guy, but he had his head at the right angle. I
just like really looked like Kumail. This is I think this endorsement. You text
him a lot. Just when I just when I want to what are you going to hit with that
slingshot? I'm just going to I just got I'm just going to I just want to because
here's the thing. Okay, the coyote is how you know it's fucked up. You already
trying to back away. No, no, no, no. I'm going to it's an alternative to throwing
rocks. I'm 46. Like I here's what happened to me two nights ago. Okay. This
is why I ordered the slingshot. These things, you know, I'm just protecting
my babies. I'm not going to do anything violent to another animal, but like I
can't as a mom's laws, like I can't by inaction allow violence to happen to
my my my animals. So like the coyotes started coming around probably refugees
from the fire. Nobody's fault. I got video of one of them because they came
out in the day. Beautiful creature. I expected them to look more like crazy,
like mangy like resident evil zombie dogs the way they sound. But they look
kind of like, yeah, they're just they have like deer pelt kind of things are
like rabbit like they're kind of like beautiful camouflage like with these
big pointy ears and a big fox. Yeah. And they're all they're all genetically
compatible with wolves and dogs and stuff. The whole genus is like just a big
free for all. I guess that I guess probably all genuses are I mean we're in
the homo genus. It's just that we fucking genocided all the other. We had coyotes
and wolves to our sapiens at one point and we just fucking scrubbed them out. We
were like you guys want to go to a rave and the Neanderthals were like what's
that we're like fuck you idiot fucking no tweeting fucking caveman ass. So glad
we stopped doing that to other cultures. Oh yeah. What are you doing Neanderthal
I'm making a dreamcatcher to bury with my lifelong mate because I love her and
believe in an afterlife. Fuck you. I can't hear you over the sound of me
killing you. That's what happened. We were the killing ones. Yeah. Happy. You
woke now. You're Hitler babies by proxies going back 5000 millennia. Don't
look it up. To create a P-rimiter saturate scent tags. Oh great. So hidden
costs. I didn't order any scent tags. Boy or fill a or fill 33 day dispensers.
There's these fucking P barons. P baron. Wait a minute and hang and I think I
know what the P dispenser is a hard day. Oh I mean come on. It's a break. You
got to buy a go get a dispenser order it. It's a yeah. Exactly. It's a bucket
with a hole in it. So there you go. Oh you do. It's a dick. It's a dick. Dick.
It's a dick. It's a dick. I was right. It's a dick. It's a fucking with a
hole in it. What is your dick look like? All right. Well this isn't going to
work. This isn't going to work. I know why not just add like one of those
fucking spray bottle tops to it. There is that. Okay. Jesus. Predator P yard
cover is designed to make it easy to spread Predator P for applications on
lawns, flower beds, gardens and other areas where creating a P-rimiter would
be or impractical. Jar for pet training, saturate a 10 square foot diameter area
to help you direct pets to the areas of your yard that you designate as pet
restrooms. So make those smell like wolf pee. Make the pet restrooms smell like
wolf pee? That's what it said, right? I don't. It doesn't say. It says your
dogs love wolf pee. No, it says what it says is saturate a 10 square foot
diameter area. Oh, so that's the P-rimiter. Well, I don't know. I don't
know. So a square diameter is what they want. Oh, yeah help you direct pets to
the areas of your yard. So I think the areas of your yard are are wolf pee
free. Right. Yeah, I think the dogs are like shit. There's a wolf shit. There's
a wolf wolves everywhere. Yeah, right. I can pee here. Like I'm not going to do
that to my dogs. My dogs know to pee wherever they want. I think we just
need to get that that that that wall area kind of peed up. That is real dark
pee. Yeah, got a slingshot. Oh, because here's why. So don't yeah, I'm not a
maniac. I these things come around. The dogs freak out. They like want to go
out there and talk to them and all the stuff. Right. Okay. So used to be like,
okay, going back like six weeks, three months, maybe like, oh, they make this
fucking racket. It's been getting more intense, like very aggressive coyote
behavior happening. And I go downstairs, turn the kitchen light on. They go
quiet. So then, you know, a little after that, like two days a week later, turn
the kitchen light on. Nope, that's not going to work anymore. Go out the
back door. Okay, now they shut up and so on and so forth from there, like
leading to me with a fucking like stick going like shut up. And and then the
most humiliating. This is why I bought a weapon now from Amazon is because I'm
not I'm like, dude, like, this is really humiliating. Good. Like me standing on
a ladder, like, like shaking a stick at them and going shut up and then going
like like I felt like I already have a small penis. It shrank like into my
abdomen. Like my penis is in one of my nipples now. Like like I got cucked out
by some fucking monster dogs and you think that this slingshot you will
look as I went. So I was like, okay, I'm going to throw rocks. So here's an
incredible thing. There's no rocks. Like I was. Did they phase those out? Like I
was like when I was 10 years old, it seemed like there were rocks everywhere.
Big rocks are inimical bull. Is that a word? What does that mean? Sure ad for
society? It was I looked all over. I couldn't believe how hard it was to
find a rock. I thought is that progress or is that you think they're phasing
them out because you could do you get hit someone with them and stuff. They
don't want people just like to be able to break into someone's car with just
a piece of the environment. I believe Schrab is proposing to you. You should
use. That's what I did. I went to my ice maker. I got a bucket ice. I threw ice
at him after after about five minutes of throwing ice. They stopped. I'm pretty
sure because they were like, thank you. That's better. I was dehydrated. So you're
you're hitting them with ice. You're not hitting them. You think I'm like man
enough to hit a coyote in the dark with ice. I don't know where you are or where
they are in the situation. Exactly. Well, what I'm doing, I'm in my backyard and
oh, it's like D&D. I'm in my backyard. I'm facing the back wall, the north wall
in my backyard. I'm standing on a bar stool and so I'm eye level with the
ground thing and I can hear them in the pitch black. But in that yard, right?
Oh, yeah. Okay. Yeah, that's yeah. And so I'm just whipping handfuls of ice cubes
in that direction figure, you know, and I just and they just kept kept yipping and
then after a while they stopped. I truly believe they're like, this is delicious.
So they're turning you basically into a person who is reaching out to a company
that makes devices that are rudimentary to attack them. Yeah, it's true. Like I'm
like I'm meeting them like Acme. Yeah. I'm not the road runner in this situation
for sure. Yeah, that's funny. You have really gone to their level at this point.
I'm surely acting as a fucking fictional coyote. That's really a really profound
insight. I'm like ordering from fucking Amazon. It's the Acme. That's incredible.
I was like these crazy like three strapped like create like laser guided things.
It's insane. It's true. It's 100 percent like parallel. I cannot wait to see the
rocket that you build with skates. I'm getting like bloodlights. I'm gonna put
traps back there and be like they're not working and jumping up and down on it.
I did think at a certain point I was thinking as I was throwing the ice, I was
like, oh, now they're maybe they're eating the ice. Now they like me. And then I
thought, well, if they could shut the fuck up and never eat my dogs, I will say,
you know, maybe they're eating like raccoons, skunks, fruit, people who who's
keep outdoor cats. I don't I don't I love the cats. Therefore, I want their owners
to suffer for making them outdoor cats so that in the long term, people will love
their cats enough to keep them indoors. But so, you know, it's complicated. I'm
like that guy in the Watchmen who was like, let's start a nuclear war. We'll have
world peace. Osmandias. I'm like, I hope all their cats get eaten, so they learn
work. Sharp nice to cats. What's what's what's happening? What are you talking
about? I'm just listening to you talk, man. Just listening. I don't like this at
all. This makes me uncomfortable. Still icing this thing. That's crazy, huh?
That's just a drinking out of it a long time. It. Yeah, it's a quality product.
It's a doozy because it's a hard one to win, but I don't think I don't think I
don't think the slingshot is your boy. If the coyotes come into the yard, maybe
the slingshot. But I just I think that they're the coyotes. M. O. Is usually to
lure. They do the yipping thing to kind of lure dogs out and then they kind of
like nip them up or whatever. But I know, but I'm not I'm not judging. Sorry. I
know I do think the worst case scenario is the one where it's like it's zero
some game and appropriate phrase here. It's like the day that one of those
fuckers does tumble into the yard. Right. It's like it's going to be an extreme
situation. I don't think a slingshot is the tool for that either. Like at that
point, I don't know what to do, but slingshots. Fine. But I'm looking at
that as the reason why I want them to like scoot back a little bit because I
feel like they're it's just like maybe like a pup of theirs that's going to be
like hunger days or something's going to like fall into the backyard. It could
be a mess. You know, the problem is that that neighbor's yard is just coyote HQ.
Yeah. Why is there any update on that? Like looking into that? We have their
phone number. We're going to actually just go up, but we don't think they live
there necessarily. So it's there. They had their pug or bulldog that would fall
into my yard and like he that things got. If that thing's alive, it's Rambo.
Right. Because it just walks around back there where there's nothing but
coyotes. It would be amazing to see it like like to walk back there and find it
like hiding like breathing through a bamboo. So you didn't you listen to I
told Spencer like I'm really interested in your take on the guy I call Asperger
Detective. Right. And I call him that as a handle. I felt today inclined to
iterate that like iterate that means say. I felt inclined to just say, you know,
I said I call him Asperger Detective because I kind of feel I wouldn't do it if I
thought that that would offend him. Like if somebody if somebody was doing a
podcast and it sounded like they had a hair lip and they never mentioned their
hair lip, I wouldn't be like hair lip, hair lip guy. I mean, maybe with Cody or
somebody you want to listen to hair lip guy. But like, you know, I think that the
guys could like based on his comments and stuff, I feel like whether he has
Aspergers or not, he'd be like, that's kind of cool. Like he'd be like punk rock
about it. But you know, so I just wanted to say that I don't you know, it's hard
these days. I don't want to I don't want to be hurtful to any real people. I just
want to I just want people to leave me alone, give me money. I don't even I don't
need you to come here. I don't need to keep doing this show. I just it's kind of
a moment. I'm all momentum at this point, just kind of drifting. You know, very
happy. Just want to steal take take my money. I didn't mean to say steal. It's
totally earned it. I've earned every penny. My job's very hard. I take it by a
big house disappear into the West Wing and and you'll you'll hear like just the
sound of a man eating chocolate Sunday. That'll be my equivalent of a single
gunshot. Just like it's the same thing. A week of chocolate Sunday eating the same
thing. Stanley said we did and then he died over a spider man comic. What wait?
Shut up. Wait. He died on top of one. Yeah. What did he say before that? What did
you say? I want to do this for like 10 more years. Well, he's like 97. You say
when he was 87. He was like, I just want to do this for 10 more years. And so
you're like, Oh, man, that's how you die. No, that's like the curse of the
Golden Girls like onion headline. What's the curse of the Golden Girls? You
probably put it together, right? No, I'm asking a quest. Why would I ask the
question if I didn't know? I could put it together. I there was an onion
headline. It was like, I can't remember the content. It was like, you know,
someone dies and continuing a curse of the cast of Golden Girls because the
joke is they were at an age where it would be fully appropriate statistically
for them to be dying at the rate that they were. Ha ha. All right. That's
pretty funny. I like that. Oh, OK. So you were asking you were asking Spencer
what he thought. Yeah, what's your take? You said you listened to 13 episodes
of this guy. Yeah, I've been listening to him. I don't know if he's he might
be he. So, OK, the show is the guy like writes an essay, essentially, and then
he just reads the essay on on the podcast because it's like it's not like
there's not room for his just personal musings. It's all just straight like a
script that he's wrote, but to the extent that it's like an essay, he like
always has some sort of thesis statement or theme that he's like weaving
through it, which is it. I don't know. Sometimes it sounds like the most
stupid pretentious shit like or sometimes he focuses on stuff. Like there
is the one where he was focusing on like, I don't know. There's the guy whose
wife fell down the stairs or he killed her or whatever and then like the 911
calls like she fell down the stairs and the lady is like how many stairs and
he was like what and then and then he was like why did he say what it's
obvious he was hiding the truth and it's like well that's a stupid quick. It
doesn't matter how many fucking stairs someone fell down. I would be like
what the fuck are you talking about? So I don't know a lot. Let me count. Yeah,
it's like that's not that's not helpful. It is though because you want to know
should you send some cops or an ambulance or a ladder both. Why don't you sort
it out afterwards? I my wife's dead or dying kind of like like he'll do it.
He'll do kind of like when he does unsolved stuff and then he proposes a
theory because right that stuff's really impressive at his best. I like him
because he reminds me of agent Dale Cooper from Twin Peaks because Dale
Cooper rolls into your town and you're like we can't find out who killed Laura
Palmer right? So and so you call the FBI when it's like the resources are
exhausted and in David Lynch's universe the FBI is equivalent to like a weird
like shamanic tier of civilization. But like Dale Cooper's like he's he's he's
learned how to like it's like if only for the sake of being lateral because
nothing else is working it's like oh you know like he'll throw rocks at a tin
can like and if it it's sort of like it's almost like flipping a coin or like
like Asperger detective will do something like he's like in 1985 John
Swanson went into the woods and never came back. People have been talking about
this for quite a while but the one thing that they can't figure out is whether
or not his friend did it or whether or not it was murder. But here's the thing
I'd like to look at the case through the lens of parabolic Turing's law and
and you're like what? Or it's not always like nerdy he'll be like the interesting
thing is that him going off the path reminds me of the breakfast club. It was
a movie by John Hughes. John Hughes made movies in 1982 through 1997 and all of
his movies tended to involve disparate groups of people forced to get along
together and learning things like he goes on this it goes on these like tears of
like he'll and then he'll like these themes of like aviation or something and
then every once in a while he'll just throw a fucking spark plug and and he
because his episodes are three and a half hours long he never listens to him
again or edits them so so every earlier episodes are pretty short and I listen
at two X speed. I would I mean I don't know if I we this is him just like kind
of throwing a shoe. Cody recorded this because we're like whoa. The lack of
technology will even be symbolized in their deaths by use of phone cord to
create their bindings. So if all of this crazy this dude reached for leftover
rice. Yeah, I don't know how much the mic picks up but those are there's just
set up like a peel of half dry lips in there. It's like and I really again this
is one of the situations where like you know I don't I don't want I'm not I'm
not punching down punching sideways punch it up. I don't want to be punching
like which is why I then add I feel I just hate this like feeling of like like
him getting like you know receiving in the wrong way that we were talking and
talking shit and I just want him to know that like I mean obvious like he's a
part of our life. We love him like he's like we keep listening and listening and
listening. I totally like I see his haters and reviews and I can understand what
they're saying but I'm like I hate them like their haters and like I like the
guy he's like so brazenly fucking like lateral. I also like really worry about
him sometimes like he did I don't did you hear one where he like started
talking about like he went straight into like fucking numerology or something
where he was like I can't wait. I had to pause it with Cody. I'm like wait is
he is he rounding a bend because he usually will just go the job and he
Rams he was found in the train room. There have been three main functions of
locomotion since the beginning of the Industrial Revolution. Right. So I want
to look at this from a perspective of transportation but but he'll bring it
back around to be like we should look at this murder scene from the perspective
of how much energy it takes to get from A to B and consistently the human race
has a tendency to try to conserve as much energy. Right. This is a genetic
imperative. If you expend more resources then you acquire by going where you're
going and then he'll work his way around. He's just what he's really saying is
like no one that's looked at this crime scene has has necessarily found the
fingerprint that says exactly what happened so why not just like spin
around like a pinata game and kind of like stop and look at it from now this
crazy perspective and if you look at the JonBent Ramsey home crime scene
maybe from this perspective of like transportation then he'll come up with
this theory of like oh well Gordon Ramsey not Gordon Ramsey who was it? Yeah
Gordon Ramsey. It was it was. I think Gordon Ramsey did it. He's the only
member of the Ramsey clan that wasn't present in the house. She burnt one of
the cakes in an easy bake of it. Every time I've seen Gordon Ramsey he's
becoming extremely intolerant when aspects of when aspects of his environment
are not up to snuff. He's a man who won't tolerate order or chaos chaos. Gordon
Ramsey if he was in that house would have killed JonBent Ramsey. It's a
case that solves itself but no but but my point is that he will he will come
back and I'll go and I'll go like god damn I think he I think he got it. I
think that is like a fucking like really viable different take on the John
Bonae Ramsey thing but then there was this one or it was like this family got
murdered in a cabin and it was like I was like maybe I'm not hearing him right
but I think he's like he's he's detached and he's like floating off like a
balloon like because he was like the cabin the cabin number was 486. In 1986
Steven Spielberg came out with something I it was like it was like he
started talking about the movies I'm trying if I riff then you guys will be
like oh that's wrong I'm gonna be riffing like I do. Well one he really does is
like there's a guy he's accusing of making up a fake murderer and he's like
and who is that murderers name Romano Romero it's it's RR which indicates he
was trying to complete the cycle and give the person what they wanted right
and it's like well yeah you just said that right and this this one was like he
went from like the date of the murders or the address to like or he went from the
date of the murders to like the date of a movie release or like like back then
how like taking airplanes somewhere was like a new thing because the murders
have okay the murders happened in like a cabin in the like 80s when a domestic
like resorts that people would take vacations to so he referenced the movie
Vacation he references the movie Dirty Dancing which did not take place in the
80s but it was made in the 80s but he references these movies that symbolize
the fact that there was a trans a trans a trans trans trans trans what the fuck
am I what's the word what a tendency a transition in you lost that word yeah
I'm old and drunk and dying you're gonna your words too and you know what the
first word you're gonna lose is me so fuck you in advance you're gonna forget
me and you're gonna miss me and you won't know why because you won't remember
who I am whoa it's good it's called getting haunted should have finished my
business I don't know what I'm saying no idea one of the guy that's why I like
this guy the main the main thing is like his angle is about examining like the
human human mind human tendencies and he's like so I don't know like he did
serial and he did add non and he like analyzed while like all the the murder
really closely replicates his his oppressed lifestyle or something and so
his angle is like this all lines up from a human behavioral perspective and a
lot of these cases fall apart because you get hung up on the evidence and
really it's about matching whether or not like all the emotional mental states
that people lines up with the crime because usually again people know each
other when they commit crimes of passion and so that usually indicates some
sort of pattern of behavior playing out he went from the same but crazy yeah I
mean that's the thing is like that's what's fascinating me is like the very
fine line because like I remember when the internet first like kind of was
blossoming and one of my most I was particularly fascinated with like with
people who were forgive me but clearly schizophrenic like who at the you know
sort of like the people would just have like websites you know there was no
tumbler there was no like you know it's just sort of like some of the first
people into the worldwide web to like look because it was like a place for
like aberrant stuff and like there was a lot of websites you would find there
were just people going like this is this is my story like it was in 1997 when I
realized that Harrison Ford was like to like trying to read my mind and like
their whole like story I was like and they're very like hyper what do you
call it hyper graphic I don't know if that's the correct term but like like
they just like at a time when the internet was all just like text and it
was like like they were like like people with tragic mental illnesses like like
watching them I'm not you guys are like are you calling this guy mentally ill
no but I'm saying like the the crazy the the the interest fascinating thing to
me has always been like what are these lines you know like what drop of
chemical what spark that could jump from one little part of your circuit board
to another makes the big difference between someone who's valued at NASA for
figuring out like how a little rocket should do this and then some poor kid
that like when they're 20 years old they just realized their shoes are hot dogs
and they just get expunged from society and they're homeless under a bridge
because we don't respect like mental illness is as regular illness and like
and like like so when I'm listening to Asperger detective and he like he
every once in a while I kind of because he went from like a date in this cabin
so he had the like the zeitgeist of air travel within like the cult American
culture of like how resorts were closing down because people were now air
airlines were affordable so people were going to Europe more so there were
places in America where cabins became like cheaper and like the clientele
became more impoverished and so they got more rundown and so prices kept going
down and basically like he was making the case that like he's like there's
these places that used to be fancy that became like like the hotel in the
shining but for regular customers who are just like these fucking thugs or
whatever I have no idea if he's like if that's based on any accurate data but
he was like that was his kind of zeitgeist or this is that's one of these
places where this murder took place so he's like he's already got like this
airplane thing going on in his head and then it's like so it was like the
murders happening on this date and then he's like interestingly enough that
was the date of like I don't know back to the future's release or something and
it was like back to the future is about Marty McFly part of a younger
generation who takes a car that's capable of flying who that's like I
couldn't fly in the first one but but he and then he but the crazy one about
that one is that he come he instead of coming back down he just floats and
then he goes like and and the sequel to this movie or that movie happened at
this time and the what that got at the box office was 498 million dollars so
you have to ask was there a cabin with the address 498 and if there is would
there be another person there who's a suspect in the murder and what do you
know and I was like what no that's not that's not what you usually do Dale
Cooper you just you just got a lead about who to arrest from a fucking Jaws
movie like that's that and I maybe I heard it wrong but I was like oh is he
every once in a while just like popping he pop and off the Hot Wheels track a
little bit yeah there was another one I think it was that same murder but I
can't remember but he he accuses the guy of realizing he wanted to commit the
murder after he saw a movie and he was like oh and it was like why did he do
it because the movie was the ghosts of his past it was played out when they
store the they storm the Nazi castle the Nazi castle castle was storing his
poor memories or something and it was like it may he I don't even know maybe
the facts of the case was that he watched this movie but the guy was just
a certain like this guy did it and it was because he watched this movie and
this movie is the perfect analog for his life and that's why he murdered and
is like it like this is all interactions you know in human perception I think we
all are playing this sort of detective throughout the damn day right because
because he is able to say I don't get the answer I don't get yeah he knows the
right answer so the way he works backwards is super interesting and that's to
keep his ass personalized and on air there's some respects it's something
that we all sort of do like that person did not let me in that parking space
because they saw what kind of car I drove right they made a judgment about me
because it's dirty today and there is a little bit of a Hulk like a porn kind of
like nerd rage kind of thrill I get to because he's like such yeah he's like
you can tell like he's he's driven by like an like truly like a fetish for
explanation like I feel like that he he actually like more even more than me
which is a lot like he just loves the feeling of explaining it's like I love
like that he becomes like when a dog puts its head up the window it probably
just doesn't even know he's just like I'm gonna explain this and that's like
that's why his cadence goes like up is it's like because this the thing and
like that's the sound you make when you're when you're enlightening people and
he's just like it's like it's like go baby go explain everything like like
like don't even look back what is that going to hate what what is that port
doing with that adapter always talk he talks about all this weird stuff like
he's like he's like this is a port and it needs an adapter so who was the
adapter add non's religion plug perfectly into the port of oppression or
something like that it was really like he goes really hard but he says some
stuff that like to me was like really really profound or whatever like he
talked about like when a healthy person goes on vacation they just realize that
it's a change and they'll return to the normal but when an unhealthy person goes
on vacation they're looking for an escape from their reality and when they
realize the escape isn't from the from the problems they actually brought to
it they get upset and then when they return and things haven't changed they
lose their minds or whatever and I was like holy shit like this guy is just
saying truth and I like never thought about it was like blowing my mind he was
saying like people say they drink to forget but what they're actually doing
is a commuting with the past and I was like oh damn I feel sad now it was
because I I smoke a lot of pot and I was like oh fuck that's me baby but it was
just like that's the thing but a lot of times they're like you're you're just
being an asshole right now and other times it's like oh man my life
it's crazy do you think we should he lives in Los Angeles let's go well I
mean but I don't know I don't know what they're doing now like I had David
coming down I had the girls from Red Handed and it's like this tradition of
like oh you know Dan Harmon with Willy Wonka reaches out with his golden
tickets into the world and like spoils relationships that that should really
stay maybe consumer relationships I don't know I'm like I felt I'm like
Kim Jong whatever in the the fucking Seth Rogen movie that almost caused a
nuclear war we should look to shoot up because I want to know a does he have
a criminology is he a background is he a writer all these things that you want
to know because if he's like I gotta fill three hours so of course I'm gonna
pontificate because I'm a writer right great but if he's like just a lay
person who is talking about these things that's super fascinating yeah I
want you know who you know who absolutely I would have on on a heartbeat
just because I think there you guys listen to Dan Carlin's hardcore history
yeah where did where does he live I don't listen to somewhere I wonder if he
lives like well fucking I mean I flew people out from London I think that's
basically yeah fucking I don't give a shit you don't give a shit I'll wipe my
ass with this money wipe ass wipe ass wherever Carlin is like that would be
a really interesting I listened to Dan Carlin and I was like this guy sounds
a lot like both Zach Gallifanakis and Heath Ledger and and then I then and
then it made me realize like why they cast he's Zach as the Joker and the
Lego Batman movie I was like like somebody must have been like oh he sounds
a little bit like don't you think yeah all right whatever yeah I think Dan
Carlin sounds like George Carlin yeah and if you just word of advice because
like I I mean Dan hardcore history it has like I don't know there's been a
couple episodes where like Cody and I were both like I kind of I don't get it
like and not in a good way and that's like like you don't feel like pressured
to like listen to that one skip around I guarantee you'll find one that for
whatever reason just gets its hooks in you from the first sentence and there's
no reason for you to not hold out for that and like like it'll but it was like
a very healthy thing because I was like wait history it's true crime but you're
kind of learning stuff like this and they have a ton of forensic evidence so
you can get deep deep deep into it it's always good to sort of shout out to
that's what that's why I asked you what are you going to be involved in if
you're not going to be you know like we all were sort of glued to the politics
this is the great answer so I definitely since I left Twitter like there
was you know I did withdrawals and stuff like that and I recently had like a
fucking like I had to delete the Reddit app again because I was like in there
for a little bit and then I just found myself for three hours just like I'm
like I deleted it for the good of mankind but I got my Instagram which is
the thing where it's like okay if you make up thing that's a minute long you
can put it up here if somebody underneath it says anything other than I'm
really happy that you're happy you can be like go fuck yourself and if they say
that's how you treat your fans you can be like yeah that is go fuck yourself
again and if they say like that's fucked up and five people come in and say
you're fucked up I can go like you're all fucked up shut up I don't care like it
doesn't feel like it's going to end up in TMZ as much I don't mean to flatter
myself and probably not TMZ material anymore and I say that with like fucking
fingers crossed like I just want to be like like recoiled a little bit like it's
cyclical it's a weird thing of the old social media you you you have to take
breaks it's content driven you know you like Instagram like do you find that
Instagram is like I find it content driven oh what do you what do you what's
going on with you just tell us with what just in general like what the first of
all what the fuck is wrong with you what's wrong with yeah what's wrong with
you what did your parents do wrong well you why don't you tell me what's wrong
with me oh it's okay all right here we go finally finally get to find out
you love that one you get the peanut gallery laughing in the background sorry
Steve you're not a you remember when it was still like maybe it was never
politically correct but when it was like within balance like if there was no
like but like we I think we talked about on this show friend just came up in my
head again the other day like when we were like we were kids we were like 20
in Milwaukee and like like we were just the improv troop that we were in was all
dudes and we were constantly humping each other yeah like as a bit I did probably
to millennial ears makes no fucking sense yeah they do it I do you're a
contrarian you just know like millennials hump each other they do it's as old as
time there's problematic millennials I don't think like millennial dudes like
that are like in improv troops like like like like hump each other like like as
a do you remember do you remember we would we would sing the song get aboard the
but fuck train do you remember that I mean it's just like problematic like that
that trains all in problem a decision train but I was the but fuck train I
don't remember that but I was and then it was like you know what like Sean was
like combing his hair in the bathroom and I think like you started you started
the train you started miming like you were humping him and then of course I had
to get back and then and then he would like act like he was like reading the
paper walking check in the schedule on there and it was just like another
person would join and then there would be like it would be you know kind of
like a can't what do you what do you call conga line of but everybody was
humping each other we would be chanting get aboard the but fuck train I want to
say we did that for maybe hours just that night because it never stopped being
funny and hilarious because like Sean would be in the front and just like
acting like oh yeah he's just doing taxes do this you know it's just it's a
right of passage mill mill of the 20 something that's why it's problematic
is because is very fratty and like like yeah so correct whatever I don't have to
problematize it there's a there's an industry that can do that but when we
were 13 we were like that and then there was another wave of it like when I was
18 with the pack of dudes that I ran with and they called it fixing and yeah yeah
how fucked up is that fixing like I think you need to get fixed yeah we're
about to come over here and fix you broke shit and then literally would scoop your
legs out from underneath you and pin you I mean we were like it was like because
the joke becomes like well it's a joke and then it was like we were like yeah I
was like the more like like committed and the more like abusive like it was
just like what like who and it's like oh that is like I look back at that and I
go like wow that's not you're kind of like actually weeding out maybe a bunch
of funny people who would like go like be like well I'm not gonna hang out with
those people yeah like and they might be really smart and funny and like but
anyways but I was I only brought it up because I just remember like being the
kitchen at my house and my dad like sitting at the counter and like I
had a story I know it's just but it's just amazing that you grabbed me from behind
and we're like pantomimeing like thrusting into me and you and you and you
and you and you help me by the shoulders and and through clenched teeth said look
at your father while I do this to you and my dad was like
it is like I don't expect you to understand but at the time it was like
like this is pretty cool I mean like because it's like it was I get I mean
you kept committing I was I was like oh and like and he's like look at your
father look at your father and my dad was just like bright red and like just
had this big grin on his face which you know it was like it was like it's like
my what is wrong with me what is wrong we were 20 and it was 1950 I mean it
was like I I don't I don't I don't mean to like I look I feel like I like my
personal feeling it's easier because we're older like of course we want to
feel this way is that look I it's not an excuse but I do think that there
should be a little bit of awareness of like well you know and look I gotta
actually say like you know how many times have I like kind of lambasted my
parents for their kind of like you know behavior that became unfashionable as
of the 80s and then I was you know even on this stage in my late 30s like kind
of like oh really lay you know like I kind of like fucking play that card like
oh they did this they did that and like my mom's excuse was always like it was
the 70s everybody did it like you know like oh like you can't like now that's
what comics are saying like about like we found this thing from 1989 when you
were at this club doing this thing and we found this sitcom or whatever and
it was like well it was on NBC I don't know what to tell you and it's like kind
of like neither it's that doesn't make it good but at the same time it's isn't
it sort of like I guess we're sort of having that debate now but it's a
shitty thing to go to and shit on the past when you could be fixing things in
the present yeah takes time it's a shitty thing but at the time I will say it
just fine I mean what is that if not like the same thing is like playing heavy
metal music really loud like we so okay so we weren't like you know that we were
20 and it was like that was the thing that made my dad read and it wasn't
because he was like angry he didn't feel his thresholds being pushed it wasn't
like it wasn't like well the joke wasn't it wasn't like we were like what you
weren't emasculating my dad no I was embarrassed but it was it was about
embarrassed making somebody feel uncomfortable that was the bit you know
but my dad's expression was very much like I don't know how to react to you
guys like I don't understand your humor you know which I think is a good thing
culturally for the between generations it was like you guys are like I think
that people 20 years younger than me should like do comedy that makes me go
like what the fuck like which I do see all the time and I enjoy Rob what do you
what do you got to plug aren't you doing you know Netflix special coming out no
I don't you're going on tour no come on let's play a clip it's called the
Picasso's thumb
whoa whoa uh huh what do you think about that huh ladies can I talk to you for
a second about washing your ass crack I don't want to hear your butt crumbs in
my bed spread I love you girls but some of y'all need to wash your ass Rob are
you doing like a is that a lot of your older material and that is that you know
from the yeah that's your Jeff Jam set because you felt like you did good
that night I felt like I did good that night listen to the cheering I did do
well it was Jeff Jam and I think you were getting a little bit of a like you
know crazy white guy comes out you kind of did the you know I you know I think
you got a boost they were being supportive by laughing and applauding
yeah yeah and like I don't know if that means that you did Netflix respond
positively to your special is it getting good net flixes yeah they have ratings
yeah okay all right well I don't want to be a negative Gus okay good we got
another clip I was how come Irish people always got to be running around
with rainbows it sounds like some Jeff Jam people came to the Netflix
yeah Toria because they remembered you yeah it makes sense that you would play
to that crowd I get that so is it 45 minutes or what was it 46 oh did you
do a little sketch in the beginning yeah to open our title sequence like you get
in a cab and like I come out of the cab the cabs on stage that's cool that's
pretty cool I got like the cabs in the video and then you open the cab door
and you're on stage I think that's cool were you were you in Memphis was I a
Memphis were you a Memphis were you in Memphis I was in Memphis what did you
eat was their food how was it meant Mentos Mentos in Memphis I love that
album how long were you there are you being serious yeah no I was in
Atlanta okay so that's near Memphis yeah okay how long were you how long were
you going to lie to me well I didn't know if we were doing a bit or not so
my voice forever probably I am getting a little you get this ones he is that
ones he plus the lights I am getting just reporting as a consumer thing like
it's maybe not designed for sitting under hot lights but I still I think I
think they're very comfortable pajamas how was Atlanta it was not I didn't
see much of it I was working a lot but in Memphis I need to like the traffic
lights what's that traffic lights aren't they different than us no wasn't
Europe you know they are I've been there I didn't notice anything well then
they're weird Spencer how was Atlanta oh it was great oh man I had a great
time they had traffic lights on strings I tell you oh is that what you meant
yeah way different than here I've seen it before but yeah it's right because
you live somewhere else before here huh how many years out are we before I
well I see the day before I die where I can safely say I don't enjoy the blues
brother's movie or still a couple years it sounds like okay yeah I didn't know
your generation of you know I like okay all right still well do you want to
talk do you want to talk about that no no I'd rather keep my fucking friends and
career I don't think anyone just as with apocalypse now I'll go on right on
pretending that oh wow well wait has a cool choice has anyone seen blues
brothers here fair amount what do you think what do you guys think right okay I
think they're trying to trick me it I think they all didn't watch it in our
line did we talk about the stand-in ollie movie up here I don't think so no I
haven't watched it yet so don't ruin that too it's pre ruined all right okay
so all right so go ahead that is a piece of shit wow but I don't know you do
love the performances the part yeah actually yeah Cougar like is is a
me yeah the both of them but like yeah I kind of feel like Cougans doing what's
his face like is like I don't know it to me it seems more impressive yeah but
because maybe it's because I'm a big guy that would probably be between the two
of them cast as the other guy so I feel and I feel like I'd go well what are you
doing oh a bowl of cereal you know and that's probably easier to do than the
other guy I thought Cougan Cougan I couldn't help but think as I was
watching it I was like I if I was either these guys watching this movie at the
premiere I'd be like like in my seat like kind of just cringing because I would
know that the composer was sitting somewhere in the theater and as an actor
that wasn't in the edit bay I'd be like I didn't know they were gonna play this
music from front to back of the entire fucking movie I feel like you watch I
mean you imagine the music stripped out this is all this music that's like hope
these guys are doing something funny now and which is just fucking death I'm
gonna be brutally brutally honest just because I like I don't please don't I
like I when I was in the same rock block as 30 rock I always thought like 30 rock
would be that could be like the new Mary Tyler Moore it was whatever it was a
great show Emmy winning very best comedy writers in the in sit-comery like
the it's just there was the funniest show and I just always felt like it's like
just kitty can the tuba just like it's just just pull it out you know I spent so
much time on community going like like like thank you wonderful job like that's
very clearly that that song makes it very clear that she's walking down the
hallway and that she has a secret wish but like I can also see it on her face
and I just think that if we just like get that out of there yeah that this
speeder bike scene in this redwood forest can do the job for itself
I it's nothing worse to me then like yeah like somebody doing something quirky in
a movie and quirky music playing it's like like what is the what is the music
think worse think we don't understand like that's crazy yeah I think that
music should be like a different channel you know it should be like it should be
ironic yeah well I mean it just by nature channel for technically ironic
because because the music is there to I just heard you I gotta work I did I did
I tell you like when when the Sarah Silverman program sorry got like
cancelled Justin's dad like we were hanging out with Justin and Justin's
dad goes oh that's too bad a show got got cancelled that you should you should
you should pitch it to channel for they do a lot of really crazy stuff on channel
for you should you should really you should you should pitch it to channel
for they should they would put it on channel for that's us now by Justin
Reilly channel for I was curious like I went to a website because we were
curious I was like we were talking about parking enforcement and how you know
like you've you've you've seen them like perched and like waiting and of course
you then you realize oh they they must work on a quota like there's no way
that they just that you make the same amount of money and get the same amount
of respect as a parking enforcement officer if you come back to the office
and like everybody parked great today like they're gonna be like I don't believe
you fuck you like so there's now it's it's one of those unfortunate things so I
went like people have stories about like I could see the fucker waiting for me
like we wait for the car like well they kind of it's like yeah it's like it's
just sad like I mean what but then I heard somebody told me like it's beyond
what I even think it's not even a quota it's like like they work on commission
which to me crosses a line where it's like well of course that's gonna that
means that to me when I hear that that means that they're getting paid less
than minimum wage a quota it's like well okay probably a maybe a necessary evil
I'd be able to argue cuz like what are you supposed to do but like that commission
thing it's like it's like like this behavior is just like a it's a door and
then you get these like but anyways I was like wait aren't those people all cops
somebody was telling me this story sort of about they were watching a guy they
were having coffee they watch a guy classic story some of you have been in
it or at least seen it the the meter the meters five seconds from running out
the parking enforcement person standing there waiting the they take their pin
out they start writing the thing they probably use emojis now I don't know
but the person runs out I've been this guy runs out like come on I'm out here
with the change in my hand to do anything we used to have this thing called
change and the and by the way miss nomer changed nothing that laugh made me
want to kill myself the would have preferred silence than that pity so it
changed your life if by the way that's that was a facetious statement if you're
having thoughts of self-harm you should talk to somebody the the the and then
the print you know they have the big argument cuz it's like oh when the pin
hits the paper and all this stuff and and my friend said that he was there for
this he was watching he's having coffee is watching this thing transfixed and
the guy is so frustrated so outraged and he shoves the parking lot if a
parking enforcement person and the parking enforcement person did not react
like like they're it's almost like maybe not it happens all the time but
they're just like they didn't react like they just like cool as a cucumber like
like like and they walked over to their thing and got on a cb and first I was
just sitting there having coffee so they're there ten minutes later we're
like he just like swarms of parking enforcement people not cops just all of
the all of the parking enforcement people yeah like they all got the call you
know there must be like a code red like kind of thing or like someone's fucking
with the someone crossed the thin baby blue line so they all just start
writing tickets I don't know yeah well they apparently they didn't do anything
but it was just a show of force which you know that's it was it was a solidarity
they're like sitting there like leaning against cars like looking at the guy and
it was like well wait aren't they cops can't isn't that assault and like no
they're not quite cops their officers so we started like we got online we're
like what how does this work if you're a parking enforcement if you've ever
worked a parking for us but please like you're listening to this like I don't
know fuck right off no no I we'd love to I love to talk to you as a guest I
think that would be an amazing guest I think we'd love to hear your stories
and they're like how that works I'm not kidding I mean don't you think that
would be like if you met a parking enforcement officer at a party wouldn't
you wouldn't you have like several questions why are you not so did you go
to college that's that they're not here who invited you they're doing they're
doing a job no one no one wants to do I'm not I'm not saying like they're all
heroes but I'm just saying like they're not come on I mean that's but but but
but we were I was like wait how come I grew up thinking that the only way to
become one was to have the the chief tell you that your hijinks had gone on
long enough and that the mayor's calling from downtown like I always thought
that that's why I never fucked a little I always thought that like oh man these
guys are like the worst of the worst cops like they're ready to snap like like
this guy could be it could have been mark firman yesterday like he's like
waiting for me to give him an excuse to put his like hold out twenty two on my
body and sprinkle cocaine on my face and just leave me in an alley wash off
kid the murder was parked in front of your house and they're like no let him
go and now you're gonna be a parking attendant and now that would be a funny
bit was like because I was I was like he's like I'm going to the website like
how do you become a parking enforcement officer and it was like you couldn't
figure it out and I was like see I told you because the list is like hidden from
the public and then we started riffing the list it was like well if the mayor is
sick of your shit like you know like just the kind of like the the prerequisites
of becoming a thing in web form would have been funny like the bullet points
first you need a writ from the chief that he's been torn a new asshole yeah and
it goes on and on from there and I'm a what am I J Leno it's not gonna it's not
gonna fly I didn't really write any of them I don't care what you think I'm
getting over an approval addiction it's important for me to tell you to go fuck
yourself it's not it's a but I I want you to not have to pay for therapy to know
that that shouldn't matter to you I didn't mean it I'm thinking about myself
finally
here's that thing about the stand in Ali movie can I warn you about something
that is going to like really bum you out as long as you don't ruin it for me
because I wanted to try to watch it and maybe stand in Ali movie makes the
incredibly curious decision to fade in on the two of them at the peak of their
career just before it's over is a cold open and you see one scene from that so
it's sort of like this is where things ended and then it goes to black and it
says 16 years later and the entire movie is them old and failed and failing and
dying and that's the whole movie oh oh okay that's kind of what the synopsis of
it is when you when you say when you read about it I knew that okay so you're
going to love it I don't know yet did you not like that about it I thought it
was a strange choice just because and then you're going to say oh what do you
want well I don't want to see the day they meet you want to make I'm kind of
thinking of I'm like yeah like like I'm not what am I a fucking like Phil is
dying for a bit thinking like well okay can I make some assumptions here 90
minutes 100 minutes give me 20 of the two of them as individuals 10 pages each
like oh like show me meeting so I'm meeting across the threshold of them
working together show them rising to prominence meet with the goddess and
page 60 and fucking like and then have difficulty start to have and terrible
Sunder but then they choose each other over the system I mean I like we're the
story go I'm not saying like tell me which story happens but I'm just saying
like that rhythm like but I think the problem probably was that they were sort
of like the monkeys I mean they were assembled right I got that implication
from this from the movie maybe that they were placed together that was like oh
you're funny and you're funny you guys should do like a fat guy skinny guy act
still even as I say that out loud I'm like I'd love to be a fly on the wall of
that scene yeah okay because oh god this guy he's like I don't know what you
want me to say I was I I purposely didn't watch it because you and Cody said
we should watch it I come back from Atlanta you watch it and the last three
times we've hung out you're telling me how shitty it is I don't even get a
chance to watch it untainted you tainted it you always tainted my stuff why you
got a taint so much one more one more please tainter all right I'm sorry
about that no you're not no I didn't really like I'll tell you the truth I
didn't I had a chance to watch it and I said no we all said we were gonna watch
it together and that would have been a nice moment and now we don't have that
moment because this motherfucker out he outside throwing rocks and I said wolves
yeah maybe that's what's going on pencil that into your schedule yeah you're so
busy fucking with these coyotes you can't be a real friend the more you
know I like the Blues Brothers movie I think it's great I know I know it's
really I know you and you know I was really really inspired Chicago I watched
it with you and you explained the whole time this is great look at this this is
great I'm like it seems like a long time to get out of prison I love it yeah I
mean what's not to love I don't watch it there you go you got one ally Blues
Brothers 2000 I'd be interested for people to like watch that without having
seen the Blues Brothers and like watch their face it is be like like I don't
know what they would be like though it was it's not it's like how did this get
made did I think oh did that yeah with so a lot of the audience I assume was in
that position yeah I mean it's so like it's so fucking odd so odd but to me it
kind of here's the thing about Blues Brothers 2000 which is directed by the
same director it to me part of what Blues Brothers 2000 does is it is it shines
a spotlight here's the thing the spotlight on Blues Brothers is indicative
of a time in our country's history when people were in love with the Blues but
what are the Blues blue is a color so I intend to look at the John Bonny Ramsey
case through the lens of the chromatic spectrum there are three kinds of colors
that complement each other pink is opposite of blue blue is opposite of orange
if you add the three together you get orange blue the I think Burke Ramsey
and Gordon Ramsey had an orange orchard the it just because it's like the
second one is like it's shot in HD and it's sort of like it's definitely very
much the most incentivized to recapture the magic of the first one and it's
kind of interesting to me that like when you try to recapture the magic of the
first one you you end up with something incredibly confusing is it one of those
movies were just sort of like well look at them they were having a good time
like it's like easy writer you watch you were you're like look I'll take a flyer
on this being historical but to me it looks like guys dicking around like but
maybe let me find out it was important that they were dicking around they
needed to dick around right so important I was like okay so good movie becomes
like a little bit you got one foot out like oh it's a good movie because it
said fuck you to Paramount or something like why did it did can I see that scene
in the movie no you got to watch Dennis Hopper do acid in a cemetery okay but
so Paramount hated it okay well then it's a good movie I mean at the time it
doesn't really hold up but at the time it was like different than your average
comedy that was on because they were a little darker and more alternative the
outfits weren't like you know you had Robin Williams so there is that where
there's like three there Robin yeah yeah now I can see that and then there
wasn't a lot of shit coming out of Chicago film wise so there was like a
home base win for all the all the comedians in the scene that was in the
Midwest it'd be like if Dana Gould got famous doing a show in San Francisco
everybody'd be like that fucking show was amazing in San Francisco so you got
diehard Chicagoans spread out in LA and in New York that rep that movie because
for them it's their like first like fucking those are our guys that's our
home team that's our movie so they quote it like Star Wars fans do I mean this
is yeah this is all stuff that's not in the movie it's all stuff that's out
smeared outside the movie that it's like oh if you understood how important this
movie was to Chicago and to improv and to comedy and to a generation and to
things I read the Saturday and live like book whichever the one was like well I
don't know live from New York like the oral history one that kind of walked you
through it it was sort of semi authorized and that it was like interviews
with everybody and and and that was the part that kind of fascinated me because
that was before my time I mean I was a little kid I remember the Blues Brothers
being a thing but I was like always sort of like what's going on with this grown
up shit like why are these why are they I'd be like mommy why do they care that
that fat man is like doing a somersault and should be like my mom didn't have my
mom didn't go like you gotta understand Chicago's finally getting its props in
the comedy scene and and the alternative is Robin Williams I get my mom was just
like my my you know I think my mom was enjoying the Blues Brothers and she was
probably like it's just fun for him to dance or something and I was like okay
I get all that I just sort of like when do we when do you allowed to be like
this movie I mean it's just rotten tomatoes you can you can you can you can
say you don't like the movie any time yeah you could say any time I don't like
this movie closer to release better it's okay it's all right go ahead you know
it's growing on me oh shit I like the nun scene I like how hard she hits him and
there's a wreath of Franklin yeah that's hilarious who could forget she really
sang that song yeah should we have John Landis as a guest we could we could get
him for sure he's a big community fan he gave me he was the he was the most
flattering community compliment you watch cannibal run yeah I liked cannibal run
as a kid I don't know if I've never ever when's the last time we watched cannibal run
we watched it but I definitely wouldn't yeah I think we watch it as adults we're
just like you guys are so fucking yeah here's a thing here's a thing that's what
it reminds me of here's a thing so summer that cannibal run comes out is also
the same summer as Raiders of Lost Art comes out and I'm about to go to the
movies and my and of my next-door neighbor Shelly Lipke says don't go see Raiders
of the Lost Ark it's so gross they have melting at the end go see cannibal run
best movie of the year go see people melting for the entire movie yeah go see
cannibal run best movie of the year and I was like well all right then and I sit
down and I watch it and I go well that I don't know if it was the best movie of
the year but I thought it was okay I thought it was all right so I never saw
Raiders in the theater what until I never saw it in the theater I had to wait till
it and I didn't see it in Cape because we didn't have cable I had to wait till it
came out on VHS that was the first time that's the only time I saw it and here's
the other one and this one I can't blame on anybody same year same summer back to
the future came out was also the same summer that Transylvania six five
thousand came out and I went Jeff Goldblum's funny yeah I'm gonna go see it
and enjoy myself watched it and loved it smiled from ear to ear thought every
joke landed perfectly I thought it was hilarious I walked out I was quoting it
for weeks and people kept saying you didn't see back to the future only what I
can watch Michael J Fox on television I'm seeing Jeff Goldblum and Ed Bakley
junior goofing off in Transylvania this is gold I'm telling you I was I haven't
seen and I didn't I missed out on seeing back to the future in the theater yeah I
dragged my friends to see spaceballs I was like you don't get it like this guy's
the master of comedy he made young Frankenstein fucking he's been I mean
like he's doing a Star Wars movie this is gonna be amazing and my friends
walked out there like what the fuck is wrong with you I can't look I but I
remember going with my friends I was I was we were still not 17 I don't know
what we were but we wanted to see Beverly Hills cop to and we went to the
theater we bought the tickets to Project X with Matthew Broderick it's about
monkeys getting irradiated and and Matthew Broderick dealing with it and we
went into the Beverly Hills cop to theater there was it was like the it was
sold out so we were like three 12 year olds sitting in the aisle in a rated our
movie so it wasn't long before we got ushered and we got ushered into the
theater that we bought tickets for we started watching Project X which I had
now missed the first 10 minutes of but I was immediately fucking enthralled by
because it's Matthew Broderick dealing with the slow realization that he's in
charge of these monkeys and they're they're they're the experiments that
they're doing on them and he's supposed to take care of them in the cages he's
like basically a janitor in charge of these monkey cages he's like these
monkeys are super smart and he's like falling in love with them and there's
like a monkey trainer there and then he like he's like the threshold is him
finding out he like hangs out long enough to realize and watch what they're
doing they're putting these chimpanzees in these these little like model planes
and then like they're basically like using them to test how far you can be
away from an atomic bomb after it drops before it without getting cancer so
they're just irradiating the monkeys like zapping them with radioactivity and
like like Matthew Broderick has to deal with finding out that that's his job that
his friends that he's making these monkeys are like I know they're apes I
don't want to get letters from apes the the the they don't have tails or
whatever the but but and I was like and then my friends were like god damn it
like they're like in detention watching these monkeys and I'm just like god damn
this soundtrack oh Matthew Broderick this is like I haven't seen a performance
like this since Ferris Bueller like this guy like the Ferris Bueller like
there's a heart these are the monkeys to die and it was like the soundtrack was
like and I was like like like holding back tears and like and they're like
coast is clear let's go back and watch Eddie Murphy like fucking like run
around and I was like you guys go on without me and they were like are you
serious and I was like yeah whatever I don't want to get bounced again but I
was like I don't want to watch Beverly Hills cop too I want to watch monkeys
get irradiated and cry and I'm glad you're leaving because now I can now I
can fucking not hold back because I'm the only one in the theater because
everyone wants to watch Eddie Murphy I'm gonna fucking like like fucking shoot
tears out of my ducks like lasers and see what that feels like and I did you
know it felt like getting humped by Rob yeah you have those little stories where
you kind of like I'm different from my friends I think I'm gonna yeah I think
I'm gonna skip the next sleepover maybe maybe I'll maybe I'll do like one or
two this the next month when's the last time you seen Transylvania 65,000 I
don't I think I mean I like movies like that I've only seen in adulthood like so
drunk and high that I have no I know we watched it but I watched it let I
watched it about a year ago which was the second time I ever watched it first
time I watched it was in the theater like many moons ago and then I watched it
recently it's like ah to give you guys context the comedy team of gold bloom
and bigly junior that's it right like they paired them like that was a thing
like like gold bloom bigly junior run don't walk to but it but I remember I
watched it and I was like I remembered every single joke and I found it to be
very funny I found it to be a quality evening of entertainment and I I would
like to watch it again I think I'm gonna watch it again I remember the opening
is is funny because it's like a it opens like a cold open it's like a found
footage way before that was a thing like no this is decades before Blair which
is sort of like your opening just in like VHS footage which was it's weird and
then like it's just people going like oh man this is fun oh cool like what are
you doing Damien like I'm having to get some beers or something like big foot
attacks them or something like that yeah and they're like it's big foot run and
it's like but it's kind of like hokey like like it feels fake and then it
comes out and they're at a newspaper office or something and yeah and they're
like yeah it's it's it was like the one of the first ones to say like he's
allergic to boredom we should wrap up the show most people just do nothing and
slowly stop coming it's it's helpful to have somebody that's actually I reject
this it's too boring boring I'm sorry what were you saying
what happened to spent oh he's just he's bored to death he died I'm dead
brandy you're still alive I'm still alive all right let's like like let's do
a rap yeah you know I need what D&D oh what do you know I mean like that we
could talk about it let's talk about D&D we got talk about it I don't know well
it's just we gotta we gotta figure out a plan yeah should we ever I mean like
what do we do Jeff's Jeff's now out of town for right like
I mean I'm fine either way hey okay I I just wanted to make sure no no it's cool
if not then let's whisper show your dick to me wow and he's whispering it into
the microphone wow
hey hey hey yeah like six years from now man you're going down in flames for
this oh no oh no now I'm gonna go down what what you're gonna do you're gonna
be all all they're never gonna hire you when you're seventy two
get hired again what ah oh no how's it going on your are we allowed to talk
about you working with you can't I can't I can't say I can't say but everyone
that's working on it can Instagram it yeah well they're not supposed to I can't
okay I could say I get all right well I can't talk about Cody Cody got her
took Cody's doing a show with Quibi and Anna Kendrick is playing her in her
autobiographical you can is this dummy yeah congrats and they got they got it
looks like they may have finally found Dan Harmon but I'm not allowed to say
until until he's cast Ben Affleck as he do not hold my past he passed but hey my
name's Dan Harmon hey what are you talking about for those of you you know
following this drama I think I may have said Nick Offerman passed I mean in the
in the in the in the biopic of like trying to cast Dan Harmon it's like Nick
Offerman passing that should be like that was our closest shot like I mean
that's the guy that should play me in the biopic right oh I'm flattering myself
is that it what about John C Riley that could be funny I think I think we you
know I think we either went when I say we I thought my thing I feel like it's my
thing this is why I make my fiance is like producing it in bed next to me but
it's not I'm just I just listen to these conversations about Eric Riley what
Eric Warheim I like Luca Luca there's a thing I don't think there's a
directive I think I talked about this it's like oh they want the A-list like
Anna Kendrick is the lead so they like the it's like the intersection between
like what why would it's like it's my part is not a it's like a it's like a
gender inversion so like my part is about as interesting in the script as
like it's like I'm the I'm the floor lamp you know in terms of like you know
so it's a documentary come on you guys I'm trying to I'm trying to I'm going to
work floor lamp he turned you on and you don't even work floor lamp don't
encourage all right look tomorrow's Tuesday you all have shit to do tomorrow
is Tuesday I do you have a you you were saying you were saying that you'd look
at charities every once in a while that yeah yeah what it yeah we got me thing I
don't I can't remember was I was drunk last time we switched one right didn't we
have somebody up here and I was like oh let's do that did we ever do it do what
do we have a charity in motion right now what anybody in the audience I don't
know why I was asked to do things like they're going to respond like they're
like that's a Roger what about does any of the audience have a charity that they've
worked for recently that they value community counseling clinic do they
have a Facebook page oh we can you can you can you shout out just a kind of a
log line of the of the thing you don't have so I don't know these phone number
okay that's all I'm down I mean you have a personal phone number I need to
does that does your does your community your community said you have a phone
number
we have like three minutes you plug it really quickly you come up here really
quick and plug it and can we also can we also have a beat
oh we don't I guess we don't have a beat that's all right I'm sorry you can
okay here we go I guess we do Valley Community Counseling Clinic okay if
there's any anybody the Mike's just aren't good great in the in the in the
cogs that can make that happen go to our website that's where Kevin days
money's going if you're listening and you're like I hate mental health and
the Valley it's not your money your subscription money isn't going to
that your get your subscription money is going to oligarchs one of our
oligarchs you know a good bread there what is that what's your name tell us
your name my name is Dina thank you so much Dina for telling us about this are
you in the men shout out one more time for us everybody gets a clearly go to our
website Valley Community Counseling Clinic org or call 818-763-8604 for help thank
you so much Valley Community Counseling Center yeah yo Valley Community
Counseling Center yeah yeah the Valley Valley needs Community Counseling Center
Center yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah do you have mental
problems yeah you don't got to have mental problems everybody got mental
problems yeah such thing as a mental problem mental problems is mentality our
species has set a mentality sentience is a mental disorder I fucked your mama at
the Mexican border fuck it down shout out to Spencer Crittenden thank you Rob
Shriver I'm here for Jeff Davis I'm Brandon Johnson also the move Zach
McKeever Kris Boruff Sarah Hill church we love you so much welcome I forget in
Kevin Day well I think that's it thanks so much for coming to the downtown
dynasty theater we love you good night thanks and get yourself a brew mate
brew mate brand drink and give yourself an applause just one you don't have to do
that other people tell you what to do it's late it's Monday you know you can
just you don't have to do anything give yourself an applause just don't do it
don't do it while you're up applaud yourself give yourself an applause
stop seriously seriously give it did you get any of that it's a good show